feat(autodiscover): allow usage of regex patterns (#13243)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

## autodiscoverFilter

You can use this option to filter the list of repositories that the Renovate bot account can access through `autodiscover`.
It takes a [minimatch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/minimatch) glob-style or regex pattern.

**Minimatch**:

```json
{
  "autodiscoverFilter": "project/*"
}
```

> **Regex**:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Regex**:

All text inside the start and end `/` will be evaluated as a regular expression.

```

## autodiscoverFilter

You can use this option to filter the list of repositories that the Renovate bot account can access through `autodiscover`.
It takes a [minimatch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/minimatch) glob-style or regex pattern.

**Minimatch**:

```json
{
  "autodiscoverFilter": "project/*"
}
```

**Regex**:

> All text inside the start and end `/` will be evaluated as a regular expression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All text inside the start and end `/` will be treated as a regular expression.
```

I think we can use a simpler word here.

```json
{
  "autodiscoverFilter": "/project/.*/"
}
```

> It is also possible to negate the regex using a leading `!`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can negate the regex by putting a `!` in front:
```

This should be easier to understand, what do you think?
